---
title: "Managing API keys"
updated: 2023-06-07
---

> ADD: Enterprise only note

The [Postman API](/docs/developer/postman-api/intro-api/) enables you to integrate Postman into your development toolchain, but requires API keys to do so. Team Admins can manage the Postman API keys your team creates at scale, ensuring you maintain compliance and security across your organization. You can control the creation of API keys, their expiration dates, and revoke keys when needed.

You must be a [Team Admin or Super Admin](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles) to use the Postman API key management dashboard.

## Contents

* [Managing Postman API keys](#managing-postman-api-keys)
    * [Revoking keys](#revoking-keys)
    * [API key settings](#api-key-settings)

## Managing Postman API keys

To open the [Postman API key management dashboard](http://go.postman.co/manage-postman-keys), select **Team > Manage Postman keys** in the Postman header.

- screenshot -

The dashboard lists all of the Postman API keys your team has created. To view enabled, disabled, or revoked keys, select or deselect the checkboxes next to **View**.

You can review when a key was generated, its expiration date, who generated it and their level of access within the team, and when it was last used. You can also search by key value if you need to locate a specific key, filter by user by selecting **Generated by**, and sort by newest, oldest, and recently used.

Tags next to the key name will specify if the key is currently enabled or if it's been disabled or revoked. Expired API keys will be tagged as `REVOKED`.

content - dashboard etc


~1:25 what revoked means expiry

### Revoking keys

You can revoke an individual API key in the [Postman API key management dashboard](http://go.postman.co/manage-postman-keys) by hovering over it and selecting **Revoke**. To revoke multiple API keys at once, select the checkboxes next to each key, then select **Revoke** above the list.

- screenshot multiple selected revoke

Postman notifies users in-app and by email when their API keys are revoked.

### API key settings

You can edit your team settings in the [Postman API key management dashboard](http://go.postman.co/manage-postman-keys) by selecting **API Key Settings**.

- screenshot of api key settings

Automatically, anyone in your team can generate Postman API keys. To not allow this, select the toggle next to **Allow anyone in your team to generate API keys**. You can also set the expiry settings for all keys generated by your team under **Set expiry for API keys**. This setting will override any expiry choices that users have made previously and will be effective for all of your team's Postman API keys moving forward.

If you need to revoke all of the Postman API keys generated by your team, select **Revoke All**. Postman notifies users in-app and by email when their API keys are revoked.
